---
layout: archive
title: "Internships"
permalink: /internships/
author_profile: true
---

## St. Jude Children's Research Hospital
### [Pediatric Oncology Program](https://www.stjude.org/education-training/predoctoral-training/internships/pediatric-oncology-education-poe-program.html)
#### Summer 2023

**Research Overview**

Craniospinal irradiation (CSI) is a vital therapeutic approach utilized for young patients suffering from central nervous system disorders such as medulloblastoma. The task of accurately outlining the treatment area is particularly time-consuming due to the presence of several sensitive organs at risk (OAR) that can be affected by radiation. I assessed two different methods for automating the segmentation process: an atlas technique and a deep learning neural network approach. I developed the data anaylsis pipeline and MATLAB code to calculate metrics to compare the contours generated by both methods. Additionally, I devised a novel method to prospectively evaluate the accuracy of automated segmentation as a knowledge-based quality assurance (QA) tool. The knowledge-based quality assurance tool showed promising results as a quantitative safety check for auto-segmentation models.

**Program Overview**

In addition to doing reasearch, this program exposed me to new ideas through daily talks encompassing various research areas and critical clinical aspects of pediatric oncology. This immersive environment allowed me to broaden my perspective and deepen my understanding of the field. Furthermore, I was able to shadow in the [proton therapy clinic](https://www.stjude.org/treatment/services/radiation-oncology/proton-therapy.html) and learn some proton therapy physics basics. I was fascinated by seeing the synchrotron and the therapy suite, which included a proton gantry and a robotic C-arm cone beam CT system for image-guidance, and the experience left me both inspired and eager to further contribute to the advancement of medical science and technology.

<br>

## General Electric Hitachi Internship
### [Transient Analysis](https://nuclear.gepower.com)
#### Summer 2022

I undertook the task of compiling off-rated limits into a comprehensive fuel reload engineering report, demonstrating my ability to synthesize complex technical information and present it effectively to industry professionals. Furthermore, I took on the challenge of streamlining data management processes by developing a Python-based software tool. This tool not parsed and converted customer design inputs into a structured data format to allow for seamlessly integration with other analysis tools. I refined this solution into a successful executable, automating the data transfer process from Excel to various analysis codes, which significantly improved workflow efficiency. 

To ensure the utility and accessibility of this software, I authored a user's manual and an extensive technical description. This documentation not only facilitates user understanding but also serves as a valuable reference for future development and maintenance of the code. My engineering and software development experience underscores my adaptability and proficiency in tackling multifaceted projects, making me a well-rounded contributor to technical and research endeavors.